Figma link: https://www.figma.com/file/1PJaTMYVDolvIXBK30Q6lr/CV?type=design&node-id=1%3A2&mode=design&t=awbkZ47qm6Ucbguv-1

Target user: The main target of the CV are the interviewers from the different companies that you want to persuade in order to sign you in. What they expect to find in a CV is all the skills and experience that I have, written in a clear style, with the right background color and a well-structured file.

Information architecture: On the left side of the CV, I located information related to my contact information, place of residence, and social media. Also, there is information about the studies I have done and the languages I learned. On the right side, I have located information related to my profile and the way I consider myself when it comes to the job. Also, there is information about previous jobs I applied for and personal projects I have done for myself.

Visual Design: When you present a CV, what you want to show the company in which you try to sign in are the different skills you have learned from previous jobs and all the abilities and skills you possess. In order to give all this information, what I decided to do was create a simple and attractive CV where you can see all my aptitudes and skills clearly. Also, it is really important to use the right color palette. I decided to choose a color palette that gives a comfortable feel to the reader, apart from a stilish appearance to the CV. Moreover, I tried to select a minimalistic typography, as choosing an understandable font is really necessary because you want the company to clearly understand  your ideas.